with seven fills Minh on the lake side
plus the wicketkeeper possible that
makes nine filters you've only got two
men on the offside and the ball is being
directed towards your body there is
virtually nowhere to go
there's nothing you can do if you play
defensively get caught by one on the
short plays close up if you buy the hook
shot to get caught by somebody having
offense and and of course there was also
a very real danger physical danger to me
players who were not very fast or very
fleeting foot we we were upset about
what they did
that's showed you very clearly the
direction of the ball you see I'm
standing on the leg side now I move out
with the offside if I had stood exactly
where I was that bored of it being the
chest this one I'm a little bit higher
for Chester this was a very emotional
that's because he are not pride in the
first test a test match due to illness
and I had come back into the second game
and I think everybody was expecting that
I might put up a good performance anyhow
as I went out too bad I I seem to have a
premonition mm can I borrow me a bumper
stuff I set myself to play the shock and
sure enough he bolted exactly where I
expected he would and I applied this
shot as I intended to play but by a
miracle pulled it down from about chest
high out of the base of my leg stump I
could try it a thousand times again and
I couldn't do it and that was the end of
them
Bradman scored 103 not out in the second
innings of that second test it was his
only century of the series his average
was 56.57 England won back the ashes in
the fourth Test fight in Brisbane
test magic in which even recaptured the
ashes is laid of Brisbane here in
Queensland is really semi tropical
country and the Sun blazes down from the
cloudless sky like a molten ball of fire
and this the hottest day of the term
Australia's first wicked stem ended at
133 the Richardson's departure and
Redmond appears he is not very
comfortable against Larwood but he
knocks out a useful 76 before being
dismissed it was obvious that it was
something that was not going to last it
only had a limited life
stopped and we were all very relieved I
think when the season was over we got
back to normal behavior did you get to
know Douglas Jardine later in life very
well the nearest I got to him was that
after my career was finished I did a
tour of England as a journalist and
consequently was in the press box each
day writing my stuff for the newspaper
and so happened the Jardine was sitting
next to me in the press box and
obviously we would have to say good
morning to one another when we arrived
but there wasn't very much conversation
during the day and we would occasioning
ever an argument about what happened on
the field he would say one thing and I
would say something else but that really
was the only contact I had with him
socially
in general in those days did the members
of housing teams see a resonant amount
of each other off the field and become
good friends yes yes they did very much
indeed would the exception of this 1932
three tour that was one of the tragedies
of the whole thing that it it set up an
enmity between the players and you
didn't have this fraternization off the
field that you would normally have
there's a contrast to mccormick the
slough left-hander fleetwood Smith comes
on to Bowser Bradman who in previous
matches has scored many runs off the
Victorian ballot this is the match
between the New South Wales Victoria at
the Sydney program in 1934 the higher
end of a field died on that occasion
because I took belonging out of the
plate would Smith and if my memory
doesn't fly me fall so I think I'll hit
five sixes in that image whereas whereas
I'd never hit a six before in the first
class match that was when I was having
doubted towards the finish and I was